Comrade Joo.
Don't forget the party
ordered you to obey my orders.
You think the party trusts you,
but you're mistaken.
If I sense any change
in your ideology, I can--
Why did you disobey my orders
and follow me into Mount Ogong?
If you disobey my orders again,
then…
I won't shoot here.
I'll shoot here.
Your life depends on me, your leader.
Don't forget that.
Comrade Lim…
The rifle!
Ms. Oh?
Oh, no.
Bang!
My goodness. My arm hurts so much.
-Gosh.
-She's not herself right now.
The rifle is so heavy.
Stop it and come here.
Yes. All right. Just sit down.
Sit now.
Lim Soo-ho?
We have an injured person.
-Send a doctor in.
-Okay.
But how about you release
some of them in return?
You have too many hostages
for the three of you anyway.
Send in a doctor in ten minutes.
We need more time.
We'll find a doctor as soon as possible,
so release some of them first.
You have 20 minutes.
If a doctor doesn't come in here by 9:44,
I'll execute
one hostage every ten minutes.
Hey, find a doctor right away.
We only got 20 minutes.
20 minutes?
Even our agency doctor
can't get here in 20 minutes.
What?
I see.
Those damn bastards, are they trying
to train us like some freaking dog?
Why are you dilly-dallying when you can
just break in and wipe them out?
HANKUK CENTRAL MEDICAL CENTER
Kang Cheong-ya speaking.
Hey, where are you?
What do you mean?
You called me at the hospital.
That's good. Come
to the Hosu University dorm right now.
Yes. It'll take
less than ten minutes, right?
Why do you want me there?
The spies' hostage situation?